variable 'x' ispresent
variable 'y' ispresent
variable 'sum' ispresent
binding 'x' ispresent
present
present
present
present
present
present
present
not present
binding 'y' ispresent
present
present
present
present
present
present
present
not present
binding 'x' ispresent
present
present
present
present
present
present
present
not present
binding 'y' ispresent
present
present
present
present
present
present
present
not present
binding 'x' ispresent
present
present
present
present
present
present
present
not present
binding 'y' ispresent
present
present
present
present
present
present
present
not present
binding 'x' ispresent
present
present
present
present
present
present
present
not present
binding 'y' ispresent
present
present
present
present
present
present
present
not present
binding 'sum' isnot present
not present
not present
not present
not present
not present
not present
not present
not present
binding 'x' ispresent
present
present
present
present
present
present
present
not present
binding 'y' ispresent
present
present
present
present
present
present
present
not present
binding 'x' ispresent
present
present
present
present
present
present
present
not present
binding 'y' ispresent
present
present
present
present
present
present
present
not present
binding 'x' ispresent
present
present
present
present
present
present
present
not present
binding 'y' ispresent
present
present
present
present
present
present
present
not present
binding 'sum' isnot present
not present
not present
not present
not present
not present
not present
not present
not present
binding 'x' ispresent
present
present
present
present
present
present
present
not present
binding 'y' ispresent
present
present
present
present
present
present
present
not present
